Stress Tests MCAD using KWOK (#469)
project-codeflare/multi-cluster-app-dispatcher: test/kwok-tests/README.md

  --cidr=10.0.0.1/24 \
  --node-ip=10.0.0.1 \
--config=kwok.yaml
```

*Note 1*: If you have KWOK already deployed and running inside your Kubernetes cluster, make sure to first scale it down to avoid two instances of KWOK controller running. The command
```
kubectl scale deployment kwok-controller --replicas=0 -n kube-system
```
should scale down the kwok controller in the K8 cluster. 

*Note 2:* The above command essentially means that the KWOK controller will only manage nodes that have that specified annotation.

Now that we have KWOK running outside the cluster with our custom `Stage` configuration, we can create a fake `Job` and deploy it on the `kind` cluster. The fake `Job` spec looks as follows:
```
apiVersion: batch/v1
kind: Job
metadata:
  namespace: default
  name: nomcadkwok-cpu-job-short-0
spec:
  parallelism: 1
  completions: 1
  template:
    metadata:
      namespace: default
    spec:
      affinity:
        nodeAffinity:
          requiredDuringSchedulingIgnoredDuringExecution:
            nodeSelectorTerms:
              - matchExpressions:
                  - key: type
                    operator: In
                    values:
                      - kwok

>       # A taints was added to an automatically created Node.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      # A taint was added automatically to the created Node.
```
Though the node was created **automatically** in the shell script at Line 21, the taint was also added **automatically**.

>       # You can remove taints of Node or add this tolerations.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      # You can remove the taint on the node or add this toleration.
```
- A single taint was added to the node. A taint contains a list, but only one is specified here.
- A single toleration is added to the job. A toleration contains a list, but only one is specified here.
